Enabling users to set the soundfont on midi playback (#2274)
pygame-community/pygame-ce: docs/reST/ref/mixer.rst

   .. ## pygame.mixer.find_channel ##

.. function:: set_soundfont

   | :sl:`set the soundfont for playing midi music`
   | :sg:`set_soundfont(path) -> None`

   This sets the soundfont file to be used in the playback of midi music.
   The soundfont only affects the playback of ``MID``, ``MIDI``, and ``KAR`` file formats.
   The optional ``path`` argument, a string (or multiple strings separated by a semi-colon),
   must point to the soundfont file(s) to be searched for in order given if some

>    are missing. If ``path`` is an empty string or not specified, any specified soundfont paths

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   are missing. If ``path`` is an empty string or the default (``None``), any specified soundfont paths
```
minor update to the wording, basically to mention that ``None`` is allowed, and gives same behavior as the empty string

   .. ## pygame.mixer.find_channel ##

> .. function:: set_soundfont

Reviewer 2: These docs look good. But I do think it seems heavy on "implementation detail" mentions about SDL_mixer.

Author: [1560c3a](https://github.com/pygame-community/pygame-ce/pull/2274/commits/1560c3ac3c1007de226cc0d81a953cc1672fb261)

Reviewer 2: That isn't really what I was concerned about.

Each function has an entire (short) paragraph saying exactly what function this refers to in SDL_mixer
Each function makes sure to tell the user the soundfont setting is stored in SDL_mixer

IMO this is unnecessary information.

   | :sl:`set the soundfont for playing midi music`
   | :sg:`set_soundfont(path) -> None`

   This sets the soundfont file to be used in the playback of midi music.
   The soundfont only affects the playback of ``MID``, ``MIDI``, and ``KAR`` file formats.
   The optional ``path`` argument, a string (or multiple strings separated by a semi-colon),
   must point to the soundfont file(s) to be searched for in order given if some
   are missing. If ``path`` is an empty string or not specified, any specified soundfont paths
   will be cleared from SDL_Mixer.

   Note that while SDL_Mixer stores the soundfont path, whether the soundfont is
   used in the playback is a different story. Soundfonts work on Linux and Mac, 
   but not Windows because the SDL_Mixer has not been compiled with soundfont 

>    support for a that operation system.

Reviewer 3: grammar nitpick: "for a that operation system" -> "for that operating system"
